# Nexledger Accelerator
Accelerator is a software component designed to improve the performance of a blockchain network, e.g. Hyperledger Fabric, in terms of transaction throughput. Accelerator enables the blockchain network to deal with a huge number of transaction requests from applications. 

This project, named Innovation Sandbox, provides tools and methods to download, test, and reproduce the improved performance results using Accelerator on Hyperledger Fabric. The intent is to enable blockchain developers to run it to see how much performance benefits they can expect in reproducible ways.

## Innovation Sandbox

### Caliper with Accelerator Adaptor 
Caliper is a blockchain performance benchmark framework which is one of the Hyperledger projects. This project, Innovation Sandbox, also uses Caliper to measure the improved performance by Accelerator. The project was generated by forking Caliper project, and a new adaptor module and smart contracts were added to utilize Accelerator.

- [Caliper User Guide](https://hyperledger.github.io/caliper)
- [Caliper Github](https://github.com/hyperledger/caliper)


### Getting Started
#### Prerequisites
To use Hyperledger Caliper, you must install the following tools in advance.
- NodeJS 8.X
- node-gyp
- Docker
- Docker-compose

#### Installing
Install the node modules from `innovation-sandbox` folder via the npm executable command.
```bash
$ npm install
```
Install the modules for the fabric through the following command in that folder.
```bash
$ npm run fabric-v1.2-deps
```

## Running ping example
You can learn how to configure Accelerator by running `ping` example. The example is placed in In `examples/ping`. 

To bootstrap Fabric network, please run `start.sh` script.
```bash
$ ./examples/ping/start.sh
```

To serve requests from clients, Accelerator should be up and running with proper configuration.
```bash
$ accelerator -f examples/ping/configs/accelerator.yaml
```

Accelerator is a gRPC server and the gRPC services are described in `protos/accelerator.proto`.
You may send transactions using `examples/ping/ping_test.go` that has gRPC client for ping example. 

You can terminate and remove the network by run `stop.sh` script.
```bash
$ ./examples/ping/stop.sh
```

### Under the hood
#### Modifying chaincode
In order to apply Accelerator to your business, you need to modify your chaincode.

`contracts/src/ping/ping.go` is an example chaincode with simple KV write/read operations.
To run aggregated transactions from Accelerator individually, `ping.go` imports `batchutil.go` and delegates the funcation invocation to `Invoke()` in `batchutil.go`.
```go
func (t *PingPongChaincode) Invoke(stub shim.ChaincodeStubInterface) pb.Response {
	fnc := string(stub.GetArgs()[0])
	switch fnc {
	case "ping":
		return Invoke(stub, t.ping)
	case "pong":
		return Invoke(stub, t.pong)
	}
	return shim.Error("Unknown action, check the first argument, must be one of 'insert', 'query'")
}
```  

Fabric benchmark test without Accelerator can be run by executing following command.
```bash
$ node main.js -n ../../network/fabric-v1.2/1org2peer/fabric-go.json
```

To modify test configuration, please check the `Configuration File` section on the [Caliper website](https://hyperledger.github.io/caliper/docs/2_Architecture.html).

**The test result can be varied depending on your environment.**

## Whitepaper
Whitepaper includes:
- The key design features of Accelerator enabling high performance enterprise-wide blockchain technology
- The evaluation results that show the performance improvement of Hyperledger Fabric by Accelerator in practical scenarios
- The use cases that provide an insight for understanding industrial blockchain platforms

## Further Information
For further information please contact Samsung SDS(nexledger@samsung.com).

